---
title:  "Last year MUN was crazy and you did a great job obv"
subtitle: ""
author: "Swarith"
avatar: "img/authors/Swarith.jpg"
image: "img/authors/Collage/Swarith.png"
date:   2020-07-21 12:12:12
---

### Happy Birthday Shanivi from Swarith
Arre happy birthday Shanivi/ Shavni/Shanvi Ayeeee birthday!!!!!!!!!! I really suck at writing messages and stuff but tere liye banta hai, I still remember the first time that we met man itna awkward lol, i mean mai chutiya tha tabh but ok. Shubhankar ko toh gotta thank tbh nahi toh dost hi nahi ban paate:)) You're a smart, mature and one of the favourite people i've ever met. You're kind, caring, generous and all the positive adjectives that could describe you. You've also been very supportive for me from the start and I thank you and respect you for that. Last year MUN was crazy and you did a great job obv itna maza toh kabhi nahi aaya and couldn’t have pulled the MUN without you, MUN se pehle toh logistics ki kahaani hai hi i mean tum jitni toh mehnat nahi kari but jitna bhi kiya couldn’t have been good without you guys, i mean jitni bhi gaaliyan tum logo se suni hai worth it the, Baaki toh itne nightouts kya hi bolun, no words honestly. Itne nightouts hai ki count bhi bhoolgaya, ab toh aek bhi hojaaye vapas toh haaye saal nikal jaayega. From drunk nights to jo ham apne dance moves dikhate hai:) tu toh dancer hai but mai toh kya hi bolun hahahahaha. Jaisalmer trip was the best trip i've had and we're lucky that we did it before the pandemic lol, aisa aek aur trip najaane kab hi hoga tbh the best decision of our lives to go before the pandemic started hahahahah, yaar ab toh jaldi khatam ho can’t wait to party again man, dhoom machadenge. Looking forward for more trips soonnnnnn, iss baar toh 40 lakh ma placement tu hi lekar jaayegi dekhiyo, hope you get a really good placement this time and hopefully same shehar mai miljaaye toh hahaha. Also my italian girlfriend liked you the most but ab toh nahi rahi voh corona ke vajah se so lol. I hope that you never change and that you go miles ahead in life. Hope you have a really great day and have fun!!!! Daaru toh pata nahi mujhe tu pi payegi ya nahi but sneak karke pi liyo please trust me will be worth it hahahaha, baaki toh kya hi bolun have fun man, party hard toh nahi bolunga but pls have fun. Hope you have a really great day today. Koi nahi iss saal nahi toh agle saal phaad denge. Chalo happy birthday once again.