---
title:  "i say my boyfriend and she says acha Shanivi se hi baat kar rahe hoge"
subtitle: ""
author: "Saina"
avatar: "img/authors/Saina.jpg"
image: "img/authors/Collage/Saina.png"
date:   2020-06-20 12:12:12
---

### Happy Birthday Shanivi from Saina
I don’t want to write things that everyone will say to you. Yes you’re the sweetest person we all know and you’re super understanding and there for me always blah blah blah.. 
What I really want to say is that I don’t need it to be your birthday to feel blessed to have you. You can’t even imagine what it is like if I don’t talk to you even for a single day or if we get into an argument which we rarely do. You’re my support system since day 1 and I wouldn’t have it any other way. 
I’m super super possessive about you and I don’t like it when you have other people who are close to you but that’s just how i am and i know you’ve had to make peace with it. 
I’m lucky to have been by your side for all your first times. ( you know what i mean ) and there are so many more to come! 
I love you regardless of what i say or show and I can’t imagine even a single hour without you. I know its unbelievable and chape but it’s true. 
Like i said, you’re my past, my present and my future and i forever wish mumma asks me who’s on the phone and i say my boyfriend and she says acha Shanivi se hi baat kar rahe hoge. 
I know i have a lot of best friends but they’re all my lifelines and you’re the oldest snd strongest one. 
Happiest Birthday. Have the BEST day and the bestest life. 
You know you love me 
xoxo